README.md, before:


# Hotbot Conversations

 * Using Beame for launching a http proxy: https://github.com/beameio/beame-insta-ssl#table-of-contents
    * `beame-insta-ssl tunnel make --dst 3000 --proto http`
 * Using fusejs for fuzzy search. https://fusejs.io/

## Deployment Setup
 0. Get a free certificate from letsencrypt.org
 1. Setup AWS ec2 instance
 2. Deploy MongoDB in Atlas (see below for details)
 3. Create Auth0 Kam-App (SPA) and Kam-machine-to-machine applications (see below for detailed steps)
 3. Sync code to ec2 instance using git
 4. Ensure .env.prod has settings pointing to the right Auth0 and MongoDB settings for `hotbot-conversations` and `api`

# MongoDB Atlas
  - Sign-in with kamamishu@gmail.com (Google login)
  - Create a cluster: 'Clouster0'
  - Choose AWS sount-1 region
  - Create a mongodb user: hotbotuser/HotbotUser
  - Create one more dbuser (Security -> Database Access)
  - username: dbuser, password: HotbotUser
  - Whitelist AWS EC2 instance address
  - Connection URL: mongodb+srv://<username>:<password>@cluster0-jolus.mongodb.net/test?retryWrites=true&w=majority

# Herouku account for API (saving money) - IGNORE (not using anymore)
 - Account created (kamamishu@gmail.com)
 - Folow instrctions here - https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps/hotbot-api/deploy/heroku-git

# AWS EC2 instance
 - Launch 2 micro instances (one for hotbot-conversations and another for hotbot-api)
## Port settings
 - Incoming ports
  - open ssh (22), https (443) ports
  - Start a EC2 instance in AWS. Use Ubuntu 18.04
 - Outgoing ports
  - 27017 for mongodb Atlas

## Other setup
# Get Letsencrypt SSL certificate
 - https://certbot.eff.org/lets-encrypt/ubuntubionic-other (or https://itnext.io/node-express-letsencrypt-generate-a-free-ssl-certificate-and-run-an-https-server-in-5-minutes-a730fbe528ca)
    ```
    sudo add-apt-repository ppa:certbot/certbot
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install certbot
    certbot certonly --manual
    ```
 - Open port 80 (temporarily) in EC2 inbound rules. This is to just create a certificate
 - Start server from letsencrypt
   ```
   cd letsencrypt
   node server.js
   ```

# EC2 setup
  - Launch command-line shell in ec2 instance
  - `sudo apt update`
  - `sudo apt install gcc make g++`
  - Install MongoDB for Ubuntu 18.04. Instruction - https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-ubuntu/. Follow steps 1-4
  - Clone hotbot-conversations repository. `git clone https://hotbot@bitbucket.org/hotbotty/hotbbot-conversations.git`
  to the root directory
  - `npm install` in `hotbot-conversations` and `api/`
  - `cd hotbot-conversations/scripts`
  - Launch mongodb = `./start_db`
   - This will start two mongo DB instances with replica sets in directories rs01, rs02
  - Install NodeJS
   - Install NVM. Follow instruction here = `https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm`
    - `wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.35.3/install.sh | bash`
    - `nvm --version` should give `0.34.0`
    - `nvm install 12.13.0` (13.11.0 version)
   - `cd hotbot-conversations`
   - `npm install`
   - `cd hotbot-converstaions/api`
   - `npm install`
   - Ensure .env.prod have the correct settings
      ```
      # hotbot-conversations and api settings
        ##### MONGODB Settings #####
		DB_NAME = 'hotbot-prod'
		DB_URI = 'mongodb+srv://<dbuser>:<password>@cluster0-jolus.mongodb.net/'
		DB_REPLSET_NAME = 'Cluster0-shard-0'
		DB_POOLSIZE = 5
		DB_USE_NEW_URL_PARSER = true
		DB_AUTO_INDEX = false
		DB_AUTO_CREATE = true
		DB_RETRY_WRITES = true
		DB_W = majority
		DB_USE_UNIFIED_TOPOLOGY = true
		DB_USE_FIND_AND_MODIFY = false
		DB_STORAGE_ENGINE = wiredTiger

		##### Conversations settings #####
		LOG_COLLECTION_NAME = 'conversations'
		LOGGING = true

		# The Auth0 CLIENT_ID, SECRET are of the machine-machine admin API and not the KamApp (for web application)
		AUTH0_CLIENT_ID=rG2lXE6UdXfgpe1HLWVnpSlcsuvp6jtm
		AUTH0_DOMAIN=kamamishu-in.auth0.com
		AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET=JcQ6DBRF03bARYxDuqsudNInqZdV4i7kDt1fJ4ZlGK-HpAhQIBYm0KcGAYWvSMFR
		AUTH0_ADMIN_AUDIENCE=https://kamamishu-in.auth0.com/api/v2/
		AUTH0_CALLBACK_URL=https://app.kamamishu.online
		SESSION_SECRET='digi digi bam bam baaam..rock..'
      ```
  - Replace the Auth0 details above with the details from Auth0

## EC2 instance for Alexa conversations engine
 - Install node using nvm
 - Pull the code
 - Get certificate from letsencrypt

# Auth0 Setup
 1. Create an account in Auth0
    Setup a domain using which the applications can connect to Auth0
 2. Create a tenant (top right) in the Auth0 dashboard
 3. Create an application (Kamamishu App)
 4. Add the following settings:
  - Allowed Callback URLs: http://localhost:3000/
  - Allowed Web Origins: http://localhost:3000
  Advanced Settings:
   - Grant Types: Implicit, Authorization Code, Refresh Token
   - Endpoints: Make a note of the endpoints
 5. APIs
  - + CreateAPI
  - Name: Kamamishu API
  - Identifier: https://kamamishu.com
  - Signing Algorithm: RS256
  - Click 'Create'
 6. KamamishuAPI -> Settings
  - RBAC Settings
   - Enable RBAC = enable it
   - Enable Permissions in Access token = enable it
   - Permissions. Add the following permissions
    - read:user, read:hotel, read:device, read:order, read:item, create:hotel, create:device, create:item, read:checkin, create:checkin, create:order, update:order
   - Machine to Machine Applications:
    - KamamishuAPI(Test Application) = Authorized (enabled)
 7. Connections -> Database -> (+)Create DB Connection
  - Settings
   - Name: dev-db (prod-db for production tenant)
   - Requires User name = Disabled
   - Disable Sign Ups = enable
  - Applications
   - KamamishuAPI(Test Application) = enabled
   - KamamishuApp = enabled
 8. Universal Login
  - Settings
   - Experience = New
   - Company logo = https://kamamishu.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/kamamishu-800x600.png
   - Primary color = #230c87
   - Page background color = #000000
   - Save changes
 9. Users & Roles
  - Roles -> Create role
   - Name = 'admin'
   - Description = 'Admin role'
   - Create
  - Roles -> Permissions
   - Add Permissions -> Select KamamishuAPI
   - Select all (read:user, read:hotel,read:device,read:facility,create:device,create:facility,create:hotel,read:order, update:order, read:item, create:item) 
   - Add Permission
 - Roles -> Create role
  - Name = 'consumer'
  - Description = 'Hotel front desk user'
  - Roles -> Permissions
   - Add Permissions -> Select KamamishuAPI
   - Select read:user,read:hotel,read:device,read:item,read:order, create:checkin
 - Users -> Create User
  - Email: sateesh.kavuri@gmail.com
  - Password: Abcd1234#
  - Connection: dev-db
  - Roles -> Assign Role -> Select 'admin' 
 - Users -> Create User
  - Email: testuser@kamamishu.com
  - Password: Abcd1234#
  - Connection: dev-db
  - Roles -> Assign Role -> Select 'consumer' 
 - Users -> testuser@kamamishu.com -> Details
  - app_metadata: { "hotel_id": "000"}
   - This is the mapping between the hotel front desk user and the hotel that they belong to. Get the hotel_id from the API/database
 10. Applications -> (+) Create Application
  - Name = 'Kamamishu Alexa'
  - Choose an application type = 'Machine to machine applications'
  - Select an API = Auth 0 Management API
  - 'Kamamishu Alexa' -> Settings
   - Token Endpoint Authentication Method = 'Basic'
   - 'Kamamishu Alexa' -> Advanced Settings -> OAuth
    - JsonWebToken Signature Algorithm = 'HS256'
  - Save Changes
  - Settings -> Advanced Settings -> Grant Types
   - Select Implicit, Authorization Code, Refresh Token, Client Credentials
 11. kamamishu-in-dev (drop down) -> Settings
  - API Authorization Settings -> Default Audience = 'https://kamamishu-in-dev.auth0.com/api/v2/'
  - 

# Alexa Skills Auth0 setup
 - Follow https://www.jovo.tech/tutorials/alexa-account-linking-auth0#tutorial
 - Alexa console -> Account Linking
  - Do you allow users to create an account or link to an existing account with you? = Enable
  - Allow users to enable skill without account linking = Disable
  - Allow users to link their account to your skill from within your application or website = Disable
  - Security Provider Information
   - Auth Code Grant = Enable
    - Authorization URI = https://kamamishu-in-dev.auth0.com/authorize
    - Access Token URI = https://kamamishu-in-dev.auth0.com/oauth/token
    - Your Client ID = CbQUvI1aHMwJewlcqnF3t38I9g9jUU1T
    - Your Secret = <Your Secret>
    - Your Authentication Scheme = HTTP Basic
    - Scope = openid, offline_access, profile, email
    - Domain list = kamamishu-in-dev.auth0.com
 - Save

## Skill description in Alexa settings
### Skill preview:
 - Public name: Kamamishu - The Hotel Bot
 - One sentence description: Make your guests to experience the ultimate hotel experience
 - Detailed description: The Kamamishu hotel bot is for the guests of a hotel to interact with the hotel. Guests can interact with the hotel by asking for information about the hotel, placing orders.
The Kamamishu mobile and web application provides a real-time information on the orders placed by the guests including facility not working, menu orders, room item orders (like towels, soap etc.). The app also enables the hotel management to have a real-time view of the inventory of the hotel to enable them to have a crystal clear view of the usage of the hotel resources.
More information at: https://kamamishu.com
- Example phrases
 - Alexa, talk to Front Desk.
 - Alexa, open Front Desk.
 - Alexa, launch Front Desk.
- Category
 - Productivity - Organizers & Assistants
- Keywords
 - hotel, digital, assistant, guest, hotel, management
- Privacy policy URL: https://kamamishu.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/Kamamishu_Privacy_Policy.pdf
- Terms of use URL: https://kamamishu.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/Kamamishu_Privacy_Policy.pdf

### Privacy & Compliance
 - Does this skill allow users to make purchases or spend real money? 
  - No
 - Does this Alexa skill collect users' personal information? *
  - No
 - Is this skill directed to or does it target children under the age of 13? *
  - No
 - Does this skill contain advertising? *
  - No
 - Export compliance: Check
 - Testing instructions
  - 

### Availability
 - Who should have access to this skill? *
  - Public
 -

Commit message:

Added kamamishu privary policy document
Also added script for starting alexa server

Signed-off-by: kavuri <sateesh.kavuri@gmail.com>

README.md, after:


# Hotbot Conversations

 * Using Beame for launching a http proxy: https://github.com/beameio/beame-insta-ssl#table-of-contents
    * `beame-insta-ssl tunnel make --dst 3000 --proto http`
 * Using fusejs for fuzzy search. https://fusejs.io/

## Deployment Setup
 0. Get a free certificate from letsencrypt.org
 1. Setup AWS ec2 instance
 2. Deploy MongoDB in Atlas (see below for details)
 3. Create Auth0 Kam-App (SPA) and Kam-machine-to-machine applications (see below for detailed steps)
 3. Sync code to ec2 instance using git
 4. Ensure .env.prod has settings pointing to the right Auth0 and MongoDB settings for `hotbot-conversations` and `api`

# MongoDB Atlas
  - Sign-in with kamamishu@gmail.com (Google login)
  - Create a cluster: 'Clouster0'
  - Choose AWS sount-1 region
  - Create a mongodb user: hotbotuser/HotbotUser
  - Create one more dbuser (Security -> Database Access)
  - username: dbuser, password: HotbotUser
  - Whitelist AWS EC2 instance address
  - Connection URL: mongodb+srv://<username>:<password>@cluster0-jolus.mongodb.net/test?retryWrites=true&w=majority

# Herouku account for API (saving money) - IGNORE (not using anymore)
 - Account created (kamamishu@gmail.com)
 - Folow instrctions here - https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps/hotbot-api/deploy/heroku-git

# AWS EC2 instance
 - Launch 2 micro instances (one for hotbot-conversations and another for hotbot-api)
## Port settings
 - Incoming ports
  - open ssh (22), https (443) ports
  - Start a EC2 instance in AWS. Use Ubuntu 18.04
 - Outgoing ports
  - 27017 for mongodb Atlas

## Other setup
# Get Letsencrypt SSL certificate
 - https://certbot.eff.org/lets-encrypt/ubuntubionic-other (or https://itnext.io/node-express-letsencrypt-generate-a-free-ssl-certificate-and-run-an-https-server-in-5-minutes-a730fbe528ca)
    ```
    sudo add-apt-repository ppa:certbot/certbot
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install certbot
    ```
 - Open port 80 (temporarily) in EC2 inbound rules. This is to just create a certificate
 - Start server from letsencrypt
   ```
   cd letsencrypt
   node server.js
   ```
 - Open URL `http://alexa.kamamishu.online/.well-known/acme-challenge/a291fa84-d117-4a87-94b0-aaa75eb25755` to verify if everything is working fine
 - `certbot certonly --manual`
 - Details:
   ```
   Enter domain names: alexa.kamamishu.online
   ```
 - Follow the rest of the instructions to create a file
 - Shutdown the temporary server in letsencrypt directory (ctrl+c)

# EC2 setup
  - Launch command-line shell in ec2 instance
  - `sudo apt update`
  - `sudo apt install gcc make g++`
  - Install MongoDB for Ubuntu 18.04. Instruction - https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-ubuntu/. Follow steps 1-4
  - Clone hotbot-conversations repository. `git clone https://hotbot@bitbucket.org/hotbotty/hotbbot-conversations.git`
  to the root directory
  - `npm install` in `hotbot-conversations` and `api/`
  - `cd hotbot-conversations/scripts`
  - Launch mongodb = `./start_db`
   - This will start two mongo DB instances with replica sets in directories rs01, rs02
  - Install NodeJS
   - Install NVM. Follow instruction here = `https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm`
    - `wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.35.3/install.sh | bash`
    - `nvm --version` should give `0.34.0`
    - `nvm install 12.13.0` (13.11.0 version)
   - `cd hotbot-conversations`
   - `npm install`
   - `cd hotbot-converstaions/api`
   - `npm install`
   - Ensure .env.prod have the correct settings
      ```
      # hotbot-conversations and api settings
        ##### MONGODB Settings #####
		DB_NAME = 'hotbot-prod'
		DB_URI = 'mongodb+srv://<dbuser>:<password>@cluster0-jolus.mongodb.net/'
		DB_REPLSET_NAME = 'Cluster0-shard-0'
		DB_POOLSIZE = 5
		DB_USE_NEW_URL_PARSER = true
		DB_AUTO_INDEX = false
		DB_AUTO_CREATE = true
		DB_RETRY_WRITES = true
		DB_W = majority
		DB_USE_UNIFIED_TOPOLOGY = true
		DB_USE_FIND_AND_MODIFY = false
		DB_STORAGE_ENGINE = wiredTiger

		##### Conversations settings #####
		LOG_COLLECTION_NAME = 'conversations'
		LOGGING = true

		# The Auth0 CLIENT_ID, SECRET are of the machine-machine admin API and not the KamApp (for web application)
		AUTH0_CLIENT_ID=rG2lXE6UdXfgpe1HLWVnpSlcsuvp6jtm
		AUTH0_DOMAIN=kamamishu-in.auth0.com
		AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET=JcQ6DBRF03bARYxDuqsudNInqZdV4i7kDt1fJ4ZlGK-HpAhQIBYm0KcGAYWvSMFR
		AUTH0_ADMIN_AUDIENCE=https://kamamishu-in.auth0.com/api/v2/
		AUTH0_CALLBACK_URL=https://app.kamamishu.online
		SESSION_SECRET='digi digi bam bam baaam..rock..'
      ```
  - Replace the Auth0 details above with the details from Auth0

## EC2 instance for Alexa conversations engine
 - Install node using nvm
 - Pull the code
 - Get certificate from letsencrypt

# Auth0 Setup
 1. Create an account in Auth0
    Setup a domain using which the applications can connect to Auth0
 2. Create a tenant (top right) in the Auth0 dashboard
 3. Create an application (Kamamishu App)
 4. Add the following settings:
  - Allowed Callback URLs: http://localhost:3000/
  - Allowed Web Origins: http://localhost:3000
  Advanced Settings:
   - Grant Types: Implicit, Authorization Code, Refresh Token
   - Endpoints: Make a note of the endpoints
 5. APIs
  - + CreateAPI
  - Name: Kamamishu API
  - Identifier: https://kamamishu.com
  - Signing Algorithm: RS256
  - Click 'Create'
 6. KamamishuAPI -> Settings
  - RBAC Settings
   - Enable RBAC = enable it
   - Enable Permissions in Access token = enable it
   - Permissions. Add the following permissions
    - read:user, read:hotel, read:device, read:order, read:item, create:hotel, create:device, create:item, read:checkin, create:checkin, create:order, update:order
   - Machine to Machine Applications:
    - KamamishuAPI(Test Application) = Authorized (enabled)
 7. Connections -> Database -> (+)Create DB Connection
  - Settings
   - Name: dev-db (prod-db for production tenant)
   - Requires User name = Disabled
   - Disable Sign Ups = enable
  - Applications
   - KamamishuAPI(Test Application) = enabled
   - KamamishuApp = enabled
 8. Universal Login
  - Settings
   - Experience = New
   - Company logo = https://kamamishu.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/kamamishu-800x600.png
   - Primary color = #230c87
   - Page background color = #000000
   - Save changes
 9. Users & Roles
  - Roles -> Create role
   - Name = 'admin'
   - Description = 'Admin role'
   - Create
  - Roles -> Permissions
   - Add Permissions -> Select KamamishuAPI
   - Select all (read:user, read:hotel,read:device,read:facility,create:device,create:facility,create:hotel,read:order, update:order, read:item, create:item) 
   - Add Permission
 - Roles -> Create role
  - Name = 'consumer'
  - Description = 'Hotel front desk user'
  - Roles -> Permissions
   - Add Permissions -> Select KamamishuAPI
   - Select read:user,read:hotel,read:device,read:item,read:order, create:checkin
 - Users -> Create User
  - Email: sateesh.kavuri@gmail.com
  - Password: Abcd1234#
  - Connection: dev-db
  - Roles -> Assign Role -> Select 'admin' 
 - Users -> Create User
  - Email: testuser@kamamishu.com
  - Password: Abcd1234#
  - Connection: dev-db
  - Roles -> Assign Role -> Select 'consumer' 
 - Users -> testuser@kamamishu.com -> Details
  - app_metadata: { "hotel_id": "000"}
   - This is the mapping between the hotel front desk user and the hotel that they belong to. Get the hotel_id from the API/database
 10. Applications -> (+) Create Application
  - Name = 'Kamamishu Alexa'
  - Choose an application type = 'Machine to machine applications'
  - Select an API = Auth 0 Management API
  - 'Kamamishu Alexa' -> Settings
   - Token Endpoint Authentication Method = 'Basic'
   - 'Kamamishu Alexa' -> Advanced Settings -> OAuth
    - JsonWebToken Signature Algorithm = 'HS256'
  - Save Changes
  - Settings -> Advanced Settings -> Grant Types
   - Select Implicit, Authorization Code, Refresh Token, Client Credentials
 11. kamamishu-in-dev (drop down) -> Settings
  - API Authorization Settings -> Default Audience = 'https://kamamishu-in-dev.auth0.com/api/v2/'
  - 

# Alexa Skills Auth0 setup
 - Follow https://www.jovo.tech/tutorials/alexa-account-linking-auth0#tutorial
 - Alexa console -> Account Linking
  - Do you allow users to create an account or link to an existing account with you? = Enable
  - Allow users to enable skill without account linking = Disable
  - Allow users to link their account to your skill from within your application or website = Disable
  - Security Provider Information
   - Auth Code Grant = Enable
    - Authorization URI = https://kamamishu-in-dev.auth0.com/authorize
    - Access Token URI = https://kamamishu-in-dev.auth0.com/oauth/token
    - Your Client ID = CbQUvI1aHMwJewlcqnF3t38I9g9jUU1T
    - Your Secret = <Your Secret>
    - Your Authentication Scheme = HTTP Basic
    - Scope = openid, offline_access, profile, email
    - Domain list = kamamishu-in-dev.auth0.com
 - Save

## Skill description in Alexa settings
### Skill preview:
 - Public name: Kamamishu - The Hotel Bot
 - One sentence description: Make your guests to experience the ultimate hotel experience
 - Detailed description: The Kamamishu hotel bot is for the guests of a hotel to interact with the hotel. Guests can interact with the hotel by asking for information about the hotel, placing orders.
The Kamamishu mobile and web application provides a real-time information on the orders placed by the guests including facility not working, menu orders, room item orders (like towels, soap etc.). The app also enables the hotel management to have a real-time view of the inventory of the hotel to enable them to have a crystal clear view of the usage of the hotel resources.
More information at: https://kamamishu.com
- Example phrases
 - Alexa, talk to Front Desk.
 - Alexa, open Front Desk.
 - Alexa, launch Front Desk.
- Category
 - Productivity - Organizers & Assistants
- Keywords
 - hotel, digital, assistant, guest, hotel, management
- Privacy policy URL: https://kamamishu.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/Kamamishu_Privacy_Policy.pdf
- Terms of use URL: https://kamamishu.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/Kamamishu_Privacy_Policy.pdf

### Privacy & Compliance
 - Does this skill allow users to make purchases or spend real money? 
  - No
 - Does this Alexa skill collect users' personal information? *
  - No
 - Is this skill directed to or does it target children under the age of 13? *
  - No
 - Does this skill contain advertising? *
  - No
 - Export compliance: Check
 - Testing instructions
  - 

### Availability
 - Who should have access to this skill? *
  - Public
 -
